hi everyone my name is Lorena and I will
be doing a review on my engli freestyle
palette keep watching come contar get to
own your friend okay get you to meet
target to trade your dad so I picked up
my inglot freestyle palette at IMATS New
York and first of all it was crazy line
and I stood there for a really long time
and honestly just kind of pushed my way
through until I got to it and the
choices were overwhelming because their
colors are so beautiful and every color
that i swatched was super pigmented
really really pretty so I had to really
think about what I needed and in my line
of work I do a lot of bridal makeup and
really I use just a lot of neutral
colors and so that's why I picked these
and they're mostly Mets I got a few
little shimmers and pearls and I'll go
over the colors in the end and swatches
ok my fiance and i have been trying to
figure out the best way for me to show
you the colors and since this is my
first video this is what i came up with
so the first color swatch is this white
it's right here and the color is M 373
it is just a flat white matte flat white
white it's awesome and then I have this
color right here and this is like a bone
color it's M 351 it's also a mat and
it's really good a brow bone highlight
color I like using matte colors for the
brow bone highlight and it's actually
what I have on right now I used all
inglot I shadows all these eyeshadows
for my eye makeup as well to sing ok so
then I have this color and this is like
a pearly color it's right here this is P
395 it's just a really really pretty
color i also have that on my lid
probably around here um ok next moving
on this color is a d/s 461 it's a double
shimmer double sparkle I'm not sure it's
this color swatch right here and it's a
really pretty color and the sparkle is
just like a gold like little tiny specks
that reflect really really pretty and
it's not super shimmery by far like at
all at all okay so then I have this
color this is M 360 or 366 not a hundred
percent on that and it's this color
right here and I use this as a contour
color it's really pretty as well swatch
these sloppily I'm sorry um okay and
then I have this color this is brown and
363 it's not brown M 363 it's just 360m
363 my fiance wrote down the colors for
me and you put brown this is brown and
this is browner um various descriptions
of covers ok then I have this this is
another double Sparkle I think it's
double sparkle or double shimmer it's
ds4 58 it's this color right here again
it's it has a shimmer in it but it's not
an offensive shimmer which by that I
mean it's not like glitter you know it's
harder to wear shimmer shadows trying
the day but these shimmer shadows are
really really pretty in you could
totally wear them during the day um ok
and then I have this color this is M 376
and it is like a bluish grayish color
like a muted Navy it's really pretty ok
then I've this gray it's M 348 and let
me go ahead and do the black as well
it's AMC 63 and there are these two
colors the gray and the black so one
thing I want to say about my English
shadows is I was really excited
try them because I've heard a lot of
really great things about them and they
are true to what everyone says I
actually the first time i tried putting
them on someone it's like the colors
apply themselves i literally told the
person whoa i don't even do anything in
your eyes like completely contoured and
shadowed and smoky and everything
without me even doing anything I mean
they don't literally apply themselves
but the colors are just so easy to blend
they go right where you put them um and
I really love them a few of them at
matts do have a little bit of a chalky
texture and kind of have like a little
bit about like when you pick it up it's
like oh there's all this fall out but
they're so pigmented that once you place
it down and i highly recommend using a
primer before you put them on just so
they'll have something to stick to once
you place them down colors pigmented and
it'll really show and I know that it
seems kind of crazy to spend 45 dollars
for this I mean I think I got it there
was a show special price but I know
they're like 450 each for the Freestyle
palette on their website may be wrong
but I'm pretty sure I'm right and I know
it sounds like a lot of money but it's
really something that's worth the
investment they'll last you a really
long time there's a difference between
high quality eyeshadows and cheap
eyeshadows in that you just have to put
your brush in it and you get a ton of
color and you don't have to constantly
be pressing and going back and forth to
get the look that you want so the last a
long time they create the most beautiful
looks and if that's what's makeup makeup
is about you know is you're trying to
make yourself as beautiful as you can or
express yourself as artistically as you
can with your colors it's really good to
have really nice stuff and I have found
because i am not rich by any means or
even close but i have found that there
are a lot of different things that you
can do
just to save money here and there I mean
one starbucks like one trip to starbucks
is like an eyeshadow and 10 trips to
starbucks is like less than a month I
mean I drink a lot of starbucks um but
you can easily find ways to save for 50
and just keep a piggy bank that's what I
do because I love spending money on
makeup but I don't have a lot of money
to spend so i have to find ways to save
money here and there and i'll probably
be talking a little bit about those as
well on my channel and doing a lot more
reviews and of course tutorials and just
talking beauty with you guys and i look
forward to hearing your questions and
anything else that you may have 10 x